Calamity Jane Express(R) web-based app by Dee Jay Alexander at www.calamityjaneexpress.net.
Webversion 0.2 alpha
Open source MIT license at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License.

Very initial design of a bulleted-user-interface or "bui", with freely relocatable and highly manipulatable "bullets" (=JQuery list-items) that can represent anything (data or functions) from anywhere and that can be dragged/dropped within and between "clips" (=JQuery listviews) and especially, but not only, made for mobile devices. It is part of a web-app with an appropriate (to be build) emergency "hit-and-run" federated/p2p web-based framework.

Instructions:
All files in this webserver-based concept and found in the document-root are read-only, except cjea.xml and cjeb.xml. Those two files are written to by the executable script cje.sh in cgi-bin. All files in cgi-bin must be read and written to, except the script cje.sh that must be readable and executable.

THE CALAMITY JANE EXPRESS(R) project (only part of the concept provided).
I've designed/written (and still am designing/writing) a new kind of web-based user-interface especially for (small screen) mobiles but it could easily be ported to any screen-size device and it is called a bulleted-user-interface or "bui". At the heart of this "bui" are bullet-shaped JQuery-based list-items  (here called "bullets") that can freely be relocated within and between JQuery-based listviews (here called "clips"). Those "bullets" should be able to represent anything, either (passive) data(pieces) or (executable) (app)functions. They can freely be grouped, mixed, multiplied and related to one another and can come from anywhere, local or remote. As of this moment only "clips" can be in a (hierarchical) relationship with one another, but direct relationships between bullets will be possible in the future (W3C's rdf/owl). The content that populates these "bullets" are "flown-in" via AJAX-protocol from an on-board personal proxy web-server that uses (as of this moment) CGI/CLI scripts. This on-onboard server takes care of all communications, internally with the file-system and externally with the network: all network communication is thus permanently upgraded to p2p/server-to-server communication and client-server communication is now a responsibility of the device itself.
In this concept the user will be able to compose his/her own web-based apps on-the-fly by picking any function on-the-fly and of course also the data-pieces can simply be picked from anywhere and this all by just tap/drag/drop/sweep. And they all can also work on a common canvas to show/manipulate the data (if allowed so by the owner). At least, that is the whole intention of this project and the first open source alpha-version is already publicly available.

- The open source web-app as alpha development version can be found at: github.com/deejayalexander/calamity-jane-express ; when on this website, press on "zip", middle-left on the screen, to download all in 1 zipfile.
- Or it can be viewed online with limitations in functionality (actually meant for smartphone, but can be viewed on a desktop with the latest/best W3C-compatible browsers) at: www.calamityjaneexpress.net.
- There is also a video based impression of how this bulleted-user-interface works, on a Dropbox-link:  http://db.tt/CcYFzgDe (it must be used as follows: copy/paste this link in an email addressed to one-self. When received, one should click on it and then look into the maps "CJEbui-mp4" and/or "CJEbui-ogv and download it with upper-right button).

It must be said that on the smartphone, as of this moment, only the Dolphin Mobile browser (9.3.2+) acted like expected at all times. Other browsers showed every now and then certain erratic behavior or didn't work at all at moments. On the desktop the latest Firefox,  Google Chrome or Opera should do the job. I've no experiences with other desktop browsers. You should try out for yourself.

Constructive suggestions of any kind are of course always welcome.

DJ
